Thoughts on the Macbook Air
Published on January 15, 2008.
So Apple announced the Macbook Air today.
I was hoping for something like a major upgrade to the Macbook Pro, but this is kinda cool, too.
It’s thin, which is really nice.
I used to have a Dell 300m that was about 3 pounds.
I liked it a lot for the portability; unfortunately the build quality wasn’t great and the screen developed some issues.
But basically, that’s all the Macbook Air is: a thinner Macbook with less features that costs more.
Unless you’re a weakling, the benefit of having a slightly lighter computer isn’t really worth all that you’re losing.
Sure, there’s stuff like the multi-touch and um… isn’t that about it?
I was totally ready to buy whatever new awesomeness Apple had ready for the Macbook Pro, but I guess I’ll forgo buying one until they do get an upgrade.
At this point, I can buy a refurbished Macbook Pro for about the same price (or less) as a new Macbook Air.
But I don’t really need a Macbook Pro since my normal Macbook is still chugging along nicely…